
##Opcodes
There are 122 op codes with the TrueType specification. Each opcode corresponds to a unique 16-bit
integer that will tell the font engine to perform a particular action as part of glyth generation. In order to divide the implementation of the opcodes into separate files for readability, they are divided into 12 files. Core.h contains instructions that perform a set of steps which other instructions would need to employ in their control flow. An example is an instruction that pops an element out of the stack after using the data within said element. POP is an instruction that solely pops the element pointed to by the stack pointer, so the same POP function is compiled to be inline within the function. The rest of the files are source code files named as "FunctionGroup" followed by a number written as a whole word. One through Eight have at most 16 functions and each implement the functions starting from 0x"Number"0h and and ending [0x"Number"0h + 15]. For example, FunctionGroupZero implements the set of opcodes spanning from 0x00h to 0x0Eh and FunctionGroupOne implements the set of opcodes spanning from 0x10h to 0x1Eh. Exceptions from the others, FunctionGroupCD implements the set of opcodes spanning from 0xC0h to 0xDEh and FunctionGroupEF  implements the set of opcodes spanning from 0xE0h to 0xEEh
There are no operations containing numbers within the span of 0xA0h to 0xBEh

## Instruction.c
The instructions are unified by being linked to the binary compiled from Instructions.c which defines the functions as externs and has a function that initializes the graphic states. Graphic states serve as global variables and flags that affect the overall behavior of a glyph being processed. The InstructionExecute function uses a binary tree instead of a linear search to determine the opcode that is to be executed based on the value pointed to by the instruction pointer.
